Add a section showing a Jakarta quickfix. (#314)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-vscode: docs/user-guide.md

![Eclipse LSP4MP microprofile-config.properties completion](/docs/user-guide-screenshots/mp_completion.png)

> 3. To use Jakarta EE-specific and MicroProfile-specific quick-fixes, hover over a supported Jakarta EE or MicroProfile diagnostic. A pop-up dialog containing the diagnostic message and a quick-fix (code action) appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To use Jakarta EE-specific and MicroProfile-specific quick fixes, hover over a Jakarta EE or MicroProfile diagnostic. A pop-up dialog containing the diagnostic message and a quick fix link appears. Selecting the quick fix link will provide a list of quick fix options to choose from.
```

Reviewer: OR
```suggestion
3. To use Jakarta EE-specific and MicroProfile-specific quick-fixes, hover over a Jakarta EE or MicroProfile diagnostic. A pop-up dialog containing the diagnostic message and a "Quick Fix" link appears. Click on the "Quick Fix" link to view a list of quick-fix options to choose from.
```

Reviewer 2: Are the words "Quick Fix" visible in the UI? If so I'd recommend bold instead of quotes. If not, would avoid quotes if possible. We try not to use them unless someone is actually being quoted as they interfere with accessibility verification in some contexts. Also, per IBM style, avoid future tense

Author: Ok.

> 3. To use Jakarta EE-specific and MicroProfile-specific quick-fixes, hover over a supported Jakarta EE or MicroProfile diagnostic. A pop-up dialog containing the diagnostic message and a quick-fix (code action) appears.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. To use Jakarta EE-specific and MicroProfile-specific quick-fixes, hover over a supported Jakarta EE or MicroProfile diagnostic. A pop-up dialog that contains the diagnostic message and  a **Quick Fix** link appears. Click the **Quick Fix** link to view a list of quick-fix options to choose from.
```

Reviewer 2: Or, if Quick Fix does not appear in the UI:

```suggestion
3. To use Jakarta EE-specific and MicroProfile-specific quick-fixes, hover over a supported Jakarta EE or MicroProfile diagnostic. A pop-up dialog that contains the diagnostic message and  a quick fix link appears. Click this link to view a list of quick-fix options to choose from.
```

Reviewer: @dmuelle thanks. I think we need to mention "if the quick fix is available". How about this?

To use Jakarta EE-specific and MicroProfile-specific quick-fixes, hover over a supported Jakarta EE or MicroProfile diagnostic. A pop-up dialog will appear that contains the diagnostic message and a "Quick Fix" link, if a quick-fix is available. Click the **Quick Fix** link to view a list of quick-fix options to choose from.

Author: Please check the latest.

> 3. To use Jakarta EE-specific and MicroProfile-specific quick-fixes, hover over a Jakarta EE or MicroProfile diagnostic. A pop-up dialog will appear that contains the diagnostic message and a **Quick Fix** link, if a quick-fix is available. Click the **Quick Fix...** link to view a list of quick-fix options to choose from.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. To use Jakarta EE-specific and MicroProfile-specific quick-fixes, hover over a Jakarta EE or MicroProfile diagnostic. A pop-up dialog appears that contains the diagnostic message and a **Quick Fix** link, if a quick-fix is available. Click the **Quick Fix...** link to view a list of quick-fix options.
```

Author: Looks good, thanks!
